LAST TIME ON YU-GI-OH! GX...
MY NAME BRRON,
MAD KING OF DARK WORLD.
I CAME HERE TO
FIND MY FRIEND.
AND IF FINDING HIM
MEANS HAVING TO DUEL
THROUGH YOU...
YOU'RE ON!
[RUMBLING]
WHERE'S THAT
RUMBLE COMING FROM?
CHAZZ!
HASSLEBERRY! ALEXIS!
ATTICUS!
BRRON, WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE TO MY FRIENDS?
WELL, DUCK...
LOOKS LIKE IT'S
JUST YOU AND ME NOW.
NO ONE EVER MISSES
THE SIDEKICK.
WELL, IT SEEMS THAT WE
MISSED YOU, LITTLE ONE.
I DON'T WANT ANY...TROUBLE.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN!
OHH! UGH!
ERR!
ALL FOR NOTHING!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN WRITE
THE SYMBOL FOR ANGER
INTO THE CANON!
[GRUNTING]
AAH!
EVERY TIME
I TAKE DAMAGE,
THE BOOK DEMANDS
A SACRIFICE! HA!
YOU'RE GOING TO SEND
YOUR FRIENDS AWAY!
AND IT WILL ALL HAPPEN
BECAUSE
OF THE DECISIONS
YOU MAKE.
THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN!
YES, IT WILL, BECAUSE
THEIR DESTINY'S
WITH THE STARS!
♪CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪♪
C'MON, QUACKER,
WE GOTTA HURRY
BEFORE THOSE FIENDS
REALIZE I ESCAPED.
[WHIMPERING]
[SCREAMING]
EVERY TIME HE TRIES
TO ESCAPE,
ALL HE DOES IS YELL.
HOW DOES HE REACH
THAT PITCH?
WHY CAN'T WE
JUST LET HIM GO?
NO! BRRON NEEDS HIM
FOR HIS DUEL!
FINE THEN!
FOLLOW ME!
BUT IF KEEPS SCREAMING
YOU'RE CARRYING
HIM BACK.
[SCREAMING]
HE'S HEADED
FOR THE CLIFF!
HURRY!
GOOD! HE'S GOT
NOWHERE TO GO!
[SCREAMING]
READY!
WE'RE GONNA MAKE IT!
UH-OHHHHHH!
UH-OH.
WHAT DO WE TELL
THE MAD KING?!
THAT WE NEVER
FOUND HIM!
HYAH!
[QUACK]
MY SPELL CARD
COPY DOLL
NEVER FAILS ME!
YOUR SCREAMS LED
US RIGHT TO YOU.
I HOPED YOU'D HEAR!
THAT WAS MY PLAN.
SURE IT WAS, SYRUS.
COME ON THEN.
WE ALL HAVE TO GO
AND MEET UP WITH JADEN.
OI! WHAT'S IN
YOUR BONNET, SY?
IT'S JADEN, JIM!
IT'S LIKE HE'S
BECOME OBSESSED.
I'M AFRAID
OF WHAT HE MIGHT DO.
ALL HE WANTS
IS JESSE BACK,
AND I THINK HE'LL STOP
AT NOTHING TO FIND HIM.
BRRON: HA HA HA!
I PLACE THESE TWO CARDS
DOWN AND END MY TURN.
HA HA HA!
AND PLEASE DON'T FORGET,
THE NEXT TIME YOU ATTACK ME,
ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS GETS
PUT IN MY WICKED CANON!
[THINKING]
THERE'S ONLY ONE
THING I CAN DO.
I DRAW!
[THINKING]
AW, NEOS,
I'M SORRY, MAN,
BUT I CAN'T PLAY
YOU RIGHT NOW.
I WISH I COULD,
BUT FIRST I HAVE
TO FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO WIN
WITHOUT ATTACKING,
'CAUSE IF I DO,
THEN MY FRIENDS'LL
GET SENT
TO THE STARS,
AND I CAN'T LET
WHAT HAPPENED
TO CHAZZ HAPPEN AGAIN!
SO, IT LOOKS LIKE
MY ONLY OUT IS THIS.
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO AVIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[SIGHING]
[BOOING]
DEFENSE MODE?!
WE WANT SOME ACTION!
YEAH, THAT'S LAME!
AWFUL MOVE!
[BOOING AND HISSING]
HA HA HA!
WORRY NOT, MY FIENDS!
THIS NEXT MOVE
WILL ENTERTAIN YOU ALL!
NOW I PLAY
MY DARKNESS HALF
TRAP CARD!
[LAUGHING]
WHAT HAPPENED?
IT'S QUITE SIMPLE!
BY CUTTING MY KNIGHT'S
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF,
I CAN SUMMON TWO DARK TOKENS
ONTO YOUR FIELD!
DOESN'T MATTER!
I STILL WON'T
ATTACK YOU!
I'M NOT LETTING
THEM BECOME PAGES
IN YOUR CAN'N!
UNFORTUNATELY, THAT CHOICE
IS NO LONGER YOURS
BECAUSE NOW I'M GOING
TO ACTIVATE THIS--
MY FACEDOWN TRAP,
DARK TOURNAMENT!
YOU'RE
IN ATTACK MODE?
THIS TRAP FORCES YOUR
MONSTERS TO FIGHT.
IT APPEARS YOU'LL
ATTACK ME AFTER ALL!
NOW, SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR FRIENDS.
IT'S TIME TO ADD
ANOTHER CHAPTER
TO MY WICKED CANON!
JADEN, NO!
DON'T LET HIM!
JADEN, PLEASE,
DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN!
NO! AVIAN!
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE, SY.
IF WE GET NOTICED...
WE'LL WIND UP
IN CHAINS LIKE THEM!
OH! OH, MAN!
[MONSTERS GRUMBLING]
HE'S FORCED
TO ATTACK NOW!
[GROWLING]
[GROANING]
AAH!
OH, NO!
WAIT!
DON'T ATTACK!
ARGH!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
JADEN...
BECAUSE OF YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACKS,
THE EFFECT OF
MY WICKED CANON SPELL CARD
IS NOW ACTIVATED!
SO BID
YOUR FRIENDS GOODBYE.
HATRED...
ANGUISH...
SADNESS!
OH!
HA HA HA!
AAH!
HEY, JADEN!
HOW COULD YOU DO
THIS TO ALL OF US?
I GUESS WE'RE NOT AS
IMPORTANT AS JESSE.
YOU'RE WRONG.
IT'S NOT THAT
AT ALL!
Atticus:
THEN WHAT IS IT?!
YOU JUST GAVE UP
ON ALL OF US?
IT'S EATING ME UP.
HOW COULD YOU
SEND US AWAY?
ALEXIS?
I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS,
BUT I WAS WRONG...
WE DON'T MATTER,
AND IT'S SO SAD TO KNOW THAT.
HMM? NO, LEX.
AAH!
CAN'T BE!
OH, NO! HOW COULD I LET
THIS HAPPEN?!
OHH!
JADEN? DID YOU DO THIS?
DID YOU MAKE ALL
OUR FRIENDS VANISH?
I GUESS YOU WOULD STOP
AT NOTHING TO FIND JESSE.
HASSLEBERRY...
ATTICUS...
POOR ALEXIS...
YES, ONE MORE RUNE,
AND MY CARD ACTIVATES!
BUT WHERE IS
MY FIFTH OFFERING?
OH, WELL.
GUESS FOUR
WILL HAVE TO SUFFICE.
OHH!
READY?
MY WICKED CANON...
RELEASE ALL YOUR POWER!
COME FORTH,
SUPER POLYMERIZATION!
MY FRIENDS,
THEY'RE GONE.
YES, BUT YOUR LOSS
IS MY GAIN.
THOSE FOUR OFFERINGS HAVE
ENABLED ME TO ACQUIRE--
OH!
NO! DON'T GO!
COME BACK!
CURSES, THEY
WEREN'T ENOUGH.
I DID NEED
THE FIFTH RUNE.
WHAT?!
A FIFTH RUNE?
SO YOU NEEDED ANOTHER--
ANOTHER OF MY FRIENDS?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE LITTLE ONE.
I NEEDED THE POWER
OF THE FIVE SPIRIT
SPHERES--
ANGER, HATE...
ANGUISH, SADNESS,
AND DOUBT.
SO YOU DID THIS
FOR A CARD?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
TOO BAD I UNDERESTIMATED
THE POWER
OF SUPER POLYMERIZATION.
I MAY NOT BE ABLE
TO SUMMON IT,
BUT I'LL DEFEAT YOU
WITH OR WITHOUT IT.
SO PREPARE TO VISIT
THE STARS,
'CAUSE IT'S STILL
MY TURN!
AND NOW I'LL REMOVE
SINISTER DOCTRINES
AND DISPEL WICKED
CANON FROM PLAY.
DOING THIS ALLOWS ME TO
SUMMON UP TO A LEVEL 8
FUSION MONSTER!
PLEASE WELCOME REIGN-BEAUX,
OVERLORD OF DARK WORLD!
[GROWLS]
OH!
NOW TAKE HIM DOWN,
MY MIGHTY REIGN-BEAUX!
ATTACK WITH WAVE
OF DESTRUCTION!
[ROARS]
[GROANING]
[THINKING]
COME ON JADEN, IF YOU
DON'T DO SOMETHING SOON,
THAT KING'S GONNA
BEAT YOU ROYALLY!
JADEN, I'VE ATTACKED
YOU ENOUGH FOR NOW,
SO TAKE A KNEE, MY KNIGHT
OF THE DARK WORLD ARMY.
AND NEXT,
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND THEN END MY TURN!
HUH...
YOUR MOVE, BUT WHY BOTHER?
WHY NOT JOIN
YOUR FRIENDS RIGHT NOW?
WHAT'S THIS?
YOU'RE CONTINUING?
I'M SURE YOU'RE FRIENDS
WOULD APPLAUD YOUR EFFORTS
IF YOU HADN'T GOTTEN
THEM SENT TO THE STARS,
RIGHT, JADEN?
DON'T TALK
ABOUT MY FRIENDS!
BUT IF YOU REALLY
WANT TO KNOW
HOW THEY FEEL,
ASK THEM YOURSELF!
'CAUSE YOU'RE GONNA SEE
THEM ALL SOON ENOUGH!
HUH?
[GROWLING]
[LAUGHING]
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
NOW I'LL REMOVE
MY TWO DARK TOKENS
TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS
AND NEXT I PLAY
MY COMMON SOUL
SPELL CARD
WHICH WHEN ACTIVATED
LETS ME SUMMON THIS--
MY NEO-SPACIAN
AIR HUMMINGBIRD!
THEN I JOIN NEOS
AND AIR HUMMINGBIRD
WITH CONTACT FUSION...
TO FORM ELEMENTAL
HERO AIR NEOS!
SO WHAT?
IT CAN'T DO ME
ANY HARM!
I WOULDN'T BE TO
SURE ABOUT THAT
BECAUSE I'M ACTIVATING
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY.
SINCE I'VE GOT
LESS LIFE POINTS,
THE DIFFERENCE
GETS ADDED TO
ITS ATTACK POINTS!
AIR NEOS,
LET'S TAKE OUT
THIS REIGN-BEAUX!
ATTACK!
AAH!
NOW I PLAY THE SPELL
CONTACT OUT,
WHICH LETS ME DEFUSE
MY AIR NEOS.
WELCOME BACK, YOU TWO!
ALL RIGHT! NEOS,
TIME TO TAKE DOWN
HIS SERVE.
AND WITH HIM GONE
YOU'RE WIDE OPEN!
AAH!
AIR HUMMINGBIRD,
ATTACK
BRRON DIRECTLY!
AND THANKS
TO ITS SPECIAL ABILITY,
FOR EVERY CARD
IN YOUR HAND, I GAIN
500 LIFE POINTS!
OH! NOT BAD!
HMM. NOT BAD AT ALL.
HA HA HA!
YOUR ANGER'S INTENSE.
IT MAKES YOU
A POWERFUL DUELIST,
BUT YOU MUST SEARCH
DEEPER, JADEN,
BECAUSE I HAVE THIS--
THE TRAP CARD REVENGE SOUL!
LOOKS LIKE YOUR
HARD WORK WAS A WASTE!
'CAUSE THE MONSTER
YOU JUST DESTROYED
COMES RIGHT BACK!
HA HA HA!
HUH. I'M FINISHED.
IN MORE WAYS
THAN ONE!
'CAUSE I PLAY
THE DARK CORRIDOR!
AND NOW I GET TO TAKE
A DARK WORLD MONSTER
FROM MY DECK
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND
AS LONG AS I SEND ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
BUT THERE'S MORE
TO IT THAN THAT.
SINCE THE CARD I SENT
AWAY WAS CELRI,
MONK OF DARK WORLD,
IT'S SUMMONED
TO YOUR FIELD!
HA HA HA!
ONCE THERE,
ITS SECOND SPECIAL ABILITY
GETS ACTIVATED,
FORCING THE PERSON
OPPOSING IT TO SEND
ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
WAIT, BUT YOU'RE
THE ONE THAT SUMMONED
CELRI TO MY HAND!
SO THEN THAT
MAKES YOU...
ITS OPPONENT!
SO I SEND A CARD
DIRECTLY INTO MY GRAVE!
AND OF COURSE I CHOSE
MY OVERLORD OF DARK WORLD,
THE MIGHTY REIGN-BEAUX.
AND NOW ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
WHICH ENABLES HIM TO BE
SUMMONED DIRECTLY BACK
TO MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
AND THEN...
I CAN TRIGGER HIS
OTHER ABILITY,
SO ALL THE TRAP CARDS,
SPELLS, OR MONSTERS
THAT ARE ON YOUR FIELD
ARE DESTROYED!
SAY WHAT?!
I THINK I'LL DESTROY
ALL YOUR MONSTERS!
[GROANING]
LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ALL ALONE!
REIGN-BEAUX,
GIVE HIM SOME COMPANY!
UNH! AAH!
NOW I'LL FINISH
WITH A FACEDOWN,
AND YOU'RE ALL BUT
FINISHED AS WELL!
FACE IT, YOU'RE GOING
TO LOSE THIS DUEL!
HA HA HA!
YOU DON'T HAVE
THE GUTS TO MAKE A STAND!
HA HA!
THIS IS PATHETIC!
THINK AGAIN.
MY FRIENDS...
MAY BE GONE,
BUT I PLAN ON
STAYING RIGHT HERE!
I USED TO DUEL
FOR FUN,
BUT NOW I'M DUELING
TO AVENGE WHAT YOU DID
TO MY BEST FRIENDS.
IT'S PAYBACK TIME!
[GROWLING]
I PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
O-OVERSOUL,
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
NEOS FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AND NEXT,
I'LL EQUIP HIM
WITH ASSAULT ARMOR,
WHICH GIVES MY NEOS
A THREE HUNDRED
POINT BOOST!
NOW, NEOS...
LET'S TAKE
HIS REIGN-BEAUX
OUT FOR GOOD!
[GROWLING]
NOW FINISH HIM OFF!
ATTACK
WITH COSMIC CRUSH!
STRIKE HIM DOWN!
AAH!
HEY BRRON, YOU READY
FOR S'MORE NEOS?
'CAUSE WHEN I REMOVE
ASSAULT ARMOR
HE GETS TO INFLICT
A SECOND DOSE OF DAMAGE!
SAY WHAT!?
YOU HEARD ME!
GO, NEOS!
HA HA HA!
THAT'S IT, JADEN.
FEED INTO YOUR ANGER.
YOUR ACTIONS WILL ONLY
LEAD TO YOUR DEFEAT.
I REVEAL THE SPELL CARD
CORRIDOR TO DARK WORLD!
WHICH BRINGS BACK
MY REIGN-BEAUX.
YA NEVER LEARN.
TAKE HIM DOWN AGAIN!
HYAH!
AAH!
[THINKING]
LITTLE DOES HE KNOW
THAT I STILL HAVE
COBAL, EXCAVATOR
OF DARK WORLD!
WITH NEOS GONE,
JADEN IS WIDE OPEN!
ANGER HAS CLOUDED HIS MIND
AND BLINDED HIS EYES!
NOW COBAL'S SPECIAL ABILITY
RETURNS CORRIDOR
TO DARK WORLD TO MY HAND,
RESURRECTING
MY REIGN-BEAUX,
OVERLORD OF DARK WORLD
ONCE AGA--
I ACTIVATE
MY SPELL...
BATTLE
OF SLEEPING SPIRITS!
NOW WE CAN BOTH
SUMMON A MONSTER...
THAT WAS
JUST DESTROYED!
YOU KNOW MINE,
AND I KNOW YOURS.
SO, BRRON, AS LONG
AS YOU KEEP BRINGING
YOUR REIGN-BEAUX
BACK AROUND,
I'LL KEEP ON
TAKING IT DOWN
OVER AND OVER!
AND EVENTUALLY I'LL
HAVE MY REVENGE ON YOU.
SO HURRY UP
AND RESURRECT IT.
I KNOW THIS WON'T
BRING MY FRIENDS BACK,
BUT WATCHING YOU SQUIRM
SURE MAKES ME FEEL BETTER!
LET'S DO THIS!
ERR. I CAN'T.
SINCE I JUST USED
MY SPELL CARD CORRIDOR,
I CAN'T SUMMON
ON THIS TURN.
THEN I'M AFRAID
THIS...
IS GOOD-BYE!
AVENGE MY FRIENDS!
SEND HIM
TO THE STARS!
HA HA HA! AAH!
HA HA HA!
YOU MAY HAVE WON,
BUT THINK ABOUT
ALL THAT YOU'VE LOST.
YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO SHOW FOR IT BUT
ANGER AND PAIN!
THEY WILL BE YOUR
NEW FRIENDS.
SHUT YOUR MOUTH!
YOU LOST!
NOW TELL ME WHAT
YOU DID WITH JESSE!
YOU WON'T LIKE
WHAT YOU HEAR.
TELL ME!
HE'S UP THERE
IN THE STARS
WITH YOUR FOUR FRIENDS!
YOU'LL NEVER
SEE HIM AGAIN!
LIAR!
TELL THE TRUTH!
NO MORE PLAYING!
HA HA HA!
CAN THIS REALLY BE?
NO WAY.
MASTER BRRON IS GONE!
I'M LEAVING!
Syrus: JADEN.
SYRUS?!
I WAS AFRAID
THAT THEY--OH, MAN.
I'M SO GLAD
THAT YOU'RE OKAY.
YOU SURE?
BECAUSE, I JUST
DON'T THINK YOU
CARE AT ALL.
YOU'VE CHANGED,
JADEN.
HUH?
IT'S YOUR FAULT
THAT OUR FRIENDS
HAVE VANISHED.
YOU LED US HERE!
JUST SO YOU COULD
FEEL BETTER, J.
BECAUSE OF JESSE,
RIGHT?!
WELL, HE'S GONE!
JUST LIKE
EVERYONE ELSE!
SYRUS! COME BACK!
AXEL, WAIT!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
ON YOUR OWN.
MY OWN?
WHY'S THIS
HAPPENING TO ME?!
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT,
AND I--I ENDED UP MAKING
THINGS WRONG FOR EVERYONE.
WHY?!
WHY DID THIS ALL HAPPEN?!
AAH!
HOW AM I EVER GOING TO
MAKE THINGS RIGHT AGAIN?!
IS THAT THE--THE CARD?
IT IS.
IT'S THE SUPER
POLYMERIZATION CARD
THAT BRRON WAS
TRYING TO SUMMON.
HOW COULD HE TAKE
MY FRIENDS AWAY FROM ME,
ALL FOR A CARD?
AND NOW MY BEST FRIEND
WON'T EVEN TALK TO ME ANYMORE.
Man: JADEN...
HUH?
I WANT YOU TO BE WHO
YOU WERE MEANT TO BE--
A GREAT WARRIOR.
BUT FOR THAT,
YOU NEED POWER.
POWER? BUT HOW DO I
GET THAT?
THAT CARD.
SUPER POLYMERIZATION.
TO UNLOCK ITS SECRETS,
DEFEAT THOSE WHO OPPOSE YOU
AND ABSORB THE DUEL ENERGY
THAT'S RELEASED.
HOLD ON.
JUST WHO ARE YOU?!
THE ONE WHO RULES
THIS WORLD...
THE SUPREME KING!
SUPREME KING?!
♪CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪♪